# Kendall's Notation
A special notation, composed by between 3 and 6 terms, is used to identify the behavior of simple systems characterized by a single queue service center.
$$A / S / c [/ k [/ p]] [/ Q]$$
Square brakets represents optionals values. 
### A/S
Two letters that characterise the arrival and service process of the system.
- M: exponential / Poisson (Markov)
- D:  Deterministic
- $E_k$: Erlang with k stages
- G: General
### c 
Represent the number of service. Represent the number of jobs that can be done in parallel
#### [/k]
This represent the maximum capacity of the system. Whenever there is another arrival after the maximum number it will be blocked or lost.
#### [/p]
If the population from which the jobs that enter the system are taken is finite, its size can be specified as a fifth parameter. In this way, the arrival rate can be scaled proportionally. This become important if the population outside the system is comparable with the one inside. This component is used very rarely.
#### [/Q]
The final part indicates the service discipline: i.e. First Come First Served, Last Come First Served, etc…
The service discipline is generally identified by an acronym, which will be presented later in the course:
- FIFO or FCFS: First in first out
- LIFO or LCFS: Last in first out
- SIRO: service in random order
- PS: process sharing
Some examples of single queuing system specifications using Kendall's notation are the following:
- M/M/1: Poisson arrival, exponential service time, one server, infinite queue and infinite population. 
- M/G/1/K: Poisson arrival, general service time, one server, queue capacity for K jobs and infinite population
- M/M/2/5/20: Poisson arrival, exponential service time, two servers, maximum 5 jobs in the system from a population of 20.
- D/G/1/LCFS: Deterministic arrival, general service time one server, infinite queue and population, last-in first-out (last-come first-served).
