The team adds to the user stories some tasks to document and track the progress of a single user story(not mandatory to do). Important part of the user stories is the acceptance criteria, the definition of done, possibility to create a demo for the product owner. Also define the coverage of the code through unit test inside the contract to define if a customer can reject the product for that. 
## Project Roadmap
Something that can be changed at every iteration. Can be implemented through a Gantt diagram and they are not written in stone, but at least give an idea of the time needed for the project. If there is the need to do a roadmap you need to stop and analyze more everything you have to do to have a more precise estimation of your project timeframe
## How to track an Agile project
Can use a Project Burn down chart. An example is using the capacity of the team to deliver story points w.r.t. the time used to create projects. Can also compare the actual burndown to the ideal burndown. To create these diagrams you need every team member to track their progress so you can have reliable data. Normal to see acceleration near the end of the sprint as the end is the period of time where everything converge to a done state. Information clarity is useful to build a Burndown diagram. 
The stories that are not completed during a sprint will be completed during the next one, they will be considered as not completed. This also imply the fact that you will program less stories to complete in the next sprint as you need to complete also the uncompleted stories from the previous sprint. If new requirements are added during the sprint they will considered in the next one. 
